In this exercise, you got to use the 'have I been pwned?'
website. Let me show you what happens when I enter my e-mail.
I enter it in the block and click on
the question mark whether I've been pwned or owned or not.
When I do, you'll see that my e-mail has been pwned.
Yes. I use Mr. Bill on purpose.
It's been compromised with two different breaches.
You can scroll down and see some ideas and how to protect your email.
Let's see where my email has been breached.
Well, first of all, the adapt breach of November 2018,
which compromised my email address,
my job title, name,
phone number, work address,
all information I'm actually fine about that's all public information about me.
It's similar with the Apollo breach from July of 2018.
Same type of information, public information.
So just because you see an email address has been pwned is not necessarily a bad thing.
What did you find about your email?
Have you been pwned too?